to prove that an institution is worthy of lending you money.
But if this credit card does
not have a credit score, it
will be difficult to help you.
So the credit score system
is a double-edged sword. It depends on
how you use it.
Good debt and bad debt have
been discussed in detail in this episode of Borrowing Money.
If you need to, go watch this episode to review.
Seeing this proves that you
are very concerned about your money.
But if you feel that the investment world
seems to be a maze full of fog, and you have to
read many books
before you find ten or eight books that you think are useful, as if you are
destined to lose a lot of money before you learn anything when you come out to make a living. If this makes
you feel dizzy,
don't worry.
In order to help everyone get out of this investment maze,
we have just specially prepared
a series of new and easy-to-learn and easy-to-understand learning routes.
If you want to go further and further on the road of investment and financial management,
quickly go to the description column link
or scan this QR code. It's the